And there we see a brick. And there we
see something in there. And then this
thing popping up on the screen.
My next guest is a world famous treasure
hunter. You heard that right.
His name is Dennis Asber. And this
Swedish sensation [music] is a real life
superhero out of a different era.
>> I'm a curious guy. I'm always been
interested in finding things that nobody
else have found.
But on June 19th, 2011, his life's
mission would change forever. From
unearthing human treasure to unraveling
the nature of reality itself. That's
when he came upon what you might call an
underwater UFO or what's now known as a
USO, an unidentified submersible object
in the very remote Baltic Sea.
>> It's something that makes our [music]
instrument go wild sometimes.
It's on the ocean floor right now. So
me, my crew, and a marand deal from Yes
[music] Theory went to go see it.
Sitting 90 m below the surface, 60 m
wide. This is one of the weirdest
objects ever [music] detected by humans
in the ocean. Period.
>> Yeah. It's round. And then we have these
corridors. You have angles, 90° angles.
>> When you say corridors, like
>> Yeah. You have a corridor and you have
walls. Flat walls.
>> Wow.
Dennis has now confirmed that it is not
attached to the seabed floor. So it's
not a natural geological formation.
>> I have never seen anything [music] like
that before. Not have my colleagues
either.
>> Electromagnetic anomalies are rampant
around it. It breaks down GPS, subc
rovers, drones
>> and then when we have used the AOV, the
V stops working.
>> Really?
>> Yep.
>> We lost GPS. very close to the
>> to the object.
>> Oh my god.
>> We have video of smoke coming out of the
water above the object as if it's fuming
or emitting gas.
>> And then you see like it's from this
hole. This milk is going
>> Uhhuh.
>> and out
>> like it was
>> something is moving. Yes. Breathing.
>> Breathing.
>> Yeah.
>> Almost like a biological organism or
something.
>> But it doesn't stop there. It was
literally struck by lightning, an
occurrence often considered a high water
mark for its unlikeliness. We also have
video of NATO ships encircling this
object and tracking Dennis's Ocean X
crew in the middle of the Baltic Sea.
>> We had a meeting at the headquarter in
Stockholm. I said to one of the people
there, "Have you been there? Have you
dive on it?" And he just looked at me,
"No, no, no, no. We have not been
there." But yeah, I'm filming you. I
have filmed you. So, I know you have
been there. Nothing. You don't say
anything.
>> Wa!
>> You'll get to see the full extent of
what we found at the end of this video.
Whether this is an ancient sacred
temple, a crashed unidentified flying
object, or an unidentified submersible
object, whatever this thing is, it's
definitively weird. And like the object
under the mesa at Skinwalker Ranch, it
seems to have a life of its own. So,
without further ado, sit back, relax,
and prepare to take a deep dive into the
abyss with this week's amazing Swedish
alchemist, Dennis Asperg.
[music] So we're 60 kilometers out at
sea and kind of the epicenter between
Finland and Sweden.
We're right above the spot, right above
the Baltic Sea anomaly,
and it just feels like we're in the
middle of the ocean to be honest. It
doesn't feel any different than anywhere
else.
One of our videographers, Philip, uh,
unfortunately threw up.
I think I'm the only person who hasn't
taken the seasickness medication,
[music]
which is probably pretty stupid.
[music] Now, we're sending the ROV down
the remote um operated [music] vehicle
uh and we can see what it sees. Although
visibility will be low, so you can only
see maybe max maybe a foot in front of
it. And then [music] we're also going to
be doing some sonar scanning and uh try
to get a better understanding of the 3D
structure that we're looking at with the
Baltic Sea anomalies. And how deep is
the object?
>> 90 m.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a very unconventional career that
you have. When did you start to get into
treasure hunting and exploring all these
unknown things in the ocean?
>> Exploring and have been interesting in
history and all that thing have been
since I was a kid. Uh something I grew
up with with my parents because they
were also interesting in that area to
find out things and and search for
things that nobody else have found. So
it's a natural thing. I have you know
grown up in in a family that works not
works but have an interest in that
field.
>> So
>> was your father an explorer?
>> No was a diver but he have other job
also but he was a diver also.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> And did you grow up you know reading
about explorers?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. of course reading um
uh history books of course and and uh
>> and fictions also and um go into this
things with the treasures and shipwrecks
that have disappeared with interesting
cargo. So that have been interesting for
me and you know that have always been
interest for me.
>> What was the first shipwreck you went
looking for? when I really go into
commercial diving and in that area was
for I mean it must be uh 15 20 years ago
uh and it was together with Pet Limbury
my friend and we did exploration in
Baltic Sea and we found Rex with liquor
>> cognac and wine and different type of
things booze ships
>> that's the money that's u
>> the booze are still valuable
>> yeah of course of Of course. And it's
still drinkable. And
>> yeah, some bottles are still drinkable.
We um we found also one of the oldest
wine in the world from 1600.
>> Wow.
>> Drinkable.
>> Oh my god.
>> And cognac on his way to this Russian
sar
>> uh drinkable and we have tried it also
Peter and I and was very strong.
>> Unbelievable. What's uh some of the more
interesting shipwrecks that you found or
may maybe one in particular that you
remember that has a story attached to
>> except the Baltic Sea anomaly.
>> Except the Baltic Sea anomaly. We're
building up to that.
>> Wow. There it's it's many but I must say
but one very interesting u wreck we
found was 2015. We found the Russian
SARS submarine SO.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. Building US 1904.
>> Oh my god. And uh the Russians saw
bought it and used it in the war against
Japan.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And uh it was out on a and on a mission
in in the Swedish water. Should not be
in the Swedish water, but it was.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Uh and uh was a collision between a
Swedish uh cargo ship and this
submarine. So the periscope went off and
18 man down the bottom.
>> How do you what sensors do you use to
locate an object? uh is very easy. It's
a size scan sonar. It's um it's a sonar
that look down 2D 2D image you get
>> okay
>> of it. Uh so and then we use ROV and of
course we have dive on it also.
>> What's ROV?
>> AR remote operating robot you know
underwater
>> little subc.
>> Yeah exactly.
>> Okay. So that we have used and uh after
that we did dives on it also to really
identify it and see if it's was that
submarine we have we thought it was
>> so interesting and so when you find
these shipwrecks you know uh with conac
and wine and that sort of thing is this
your business do you then go out and
sell that
>> I wish I wish I wish you know
>> or do you have financing
>> we have we have as you know we have the
situation here as we have in other
countries is so in the whole world with
the pandem
and and also the the the war and lots of
things are going on. So it had not been
easy.
>> Uh so we tried to sell this uh wine and
cognac and things on the market and the
interest was zero.
>> No, nobody was interesting to me.
>> No way. No,
>> that's why you said you drank it.
>> Yeah. Myself at home now instead. No. Um
no no. So it have been very difficult
because we have spent lots of time and
money on this project because we believe
this is can this is can finance our
other projects.
>> Yeah.
>> But the interest have been weak very
weak when it's come to that.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> So do you ever are you ever able to sell
or make a business out of you know some
of the stuff you find or is it mostly
just for passion or for history?
>> No. I mean, in that case, when you're
talking about the the bottles of
champagne and cognac and and wine and
things like that, uh, of course, we have
it and, uh, hopefully we're going to
sell it in the future, but but I don't
I, you know, I want to have lots of
money for it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, uh, but that is something I I don't
think about so much now.
>> Should invite myself over for a drink.
>> You can get the drink, [laughter] of
course.
>> Tell us about the Baltic Sea.
>> The Baltic Sea Anomaly. Yeah.
>> What is it?
>> Wow. Good question. the Baltic Sea
normally. Okay, the begins like this. We
were out on a mission. Uh this time to
find a rack, special rack with champagne
on it. Uh we were out for uh almost a
week and then we have problems with the
boat is begin to leak and we almost sunk
with a boat. So it was very scary. But
we we managed to come to harbor in
Finland to repair the boat and uh we
have been out for one week then. And
then we decide to go out to a new area
and search there with the side scan sona
to see if we find this special wreck.
We we were out and uh we searching a new
area. Uh we were quite tired I must say
after one week and then we had all the
problems with the boat and leaking and
so on. So we were tired and
disappointed. We have not find the wreck
yet. But now we're going to search in a
new area and hopefully we're going to
find it.
Was a night time. I think it's 1 or two.
Uh at night, me and Peter and uh our
friend Flores, we are sitting in front
of the the the screen and we have the
sidescan sonar in the water. And there
we see a wreck and there we see
something and there and then this thing
popping up on the screen. This huge
thing. I mean, we're talking about 60
meter in the ammeter and it's round and
you have this track at the bottom. So, I
remember Peting Peter laughing and oh,
Dennis, you know, UFO and I was what?
Then we began really to look at it and
um it was so odd and nobody else have
seen anything like that before. Anything
like that. And it round potholes. You
can see of course mines and things from
the uh second world war. But in this
case, we're talking about the big thing
60 m in diameter. So it's 3,000 square m
round thing in the middle of the ocean.
>> 3,000 square meters. Yeah.
>> So huge.
>> Yeah. It's huge.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> And nobody had ever seen anything like
it. And it was it was round. It was like
a circular
>> round. Yes. Round. And then we have
these corridors. you have angles 90°
angles and so on. So,
>> so it looked like a artificial structure
basically.
>> This looks like that. We went home then
after we had done this with the sidescan
sonar and we go deeper into look at this
uh data we have on it and uh Peter and I
were sitting in front of computer
measuring you know that okay what is
possible can it be that or construction
from the military time or from the world
war and and so on know cannot be any
things like that and then um we talked
to friends in the same area as we are in
US Australia and and Europe
and uh show them the pictures and they
said no we have never seen anything like
that. What have you found? Uh where did
you find this? And no no no no we don't
say anything about that. So then uh
after one week or something we don't get
get any help. uh I decide and or we
decide and to go out public with it
because I I want to have somebody can
say what it is because we we have
experience of course when it's come to
exploring and shipwrecks and we have
never seen anything but perhaps somebody
have seen something like that. So I
talked to a journalist here in
Stockholm, Express is a big newspaper.
Uh and um I went there with my laptop
and showed them the data and they you
know they was very they were very
surprised about that and and then I I
explained for them the purpose we were
out there was we searching for that and
that wreck and then we found this
instead. So they were oh wow. And then
then they're sending up me to the office
and I talk to the manager or chief
there. Uh
and um then I understand that they are
interesting to public go out with this
information
>> and uh I said okay do it. Hopefully we
find somebody that can uh help us with
this because I we don't know we don't
know and we have friends that don't even
know about it. So um
uh that was the start of something
crazy. [laughter]
Yeah, it was because I was never in the
spotlight before.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And uh in one I mean the first week was
in the Swedish news and then
Scandinavian news and then after that
week after it was international news
>> and my phone is ringing all the time day
and night, day and night and I turn turn
it off sometimes because I I was so
tired. So I I talk about the same thing
like over and over and over with all the
journalists
>> and I say the same thing. I find
something I don't know what it is. I
don't know but it's odd. It's strange.
It's unique.
>> We have never seen anything like that.
>> As you know on American Alchemy we cover
a lot of technology that goes beyond
human limits. This is about technology
that helps the body catch up and feel
good. I'm talking about the I restore
LED face mask. a red light therapy
system that uses clinical grade
wavelengths to boost skin cell energy
production. The same exact principle
used in the top recovery clinics in bio
optimization labs in the world. I've
been using it most nights, 10 minutes
while I'm reading, prepping for a show,
or decompressing. It's completely
hands-free, comfortable, and engineered
to deliver consistent light intensity
across the face. Not that uneven scatter
most cheaper masks use. [music] It feels
like your face is taking a warm bath.
What it's doing is called
photobiomodulation,
stimulating mitochondria to repair
tissue, [music] reduce inflammation, and
improve circulation. You actually feel
the calm and rejuvenation after a
session. I've tested a few of these.
This one really stands out for the build
quality. It feels like it was built in a
high precision lab, and it's not just a
cheap beauty gadget. [music] So, if
you're into real evidence-based recovery
tech, this belongs in your setup. Head
to i restore.com and use code jesse25
for an exclusive discount. Again, ires
restore.com code jesse25.
Red light therapy has really been a game
changer for me. So, I hope you love it.
>> And the size is odd and the right angle.
How many right angle uh you know,
>> no, it's it's plenty of them. It's a
it's a big uh object. And then you have
corridors with angles and you have also
holes in it. a hole with like two meters
in diameter with a frame around it
>> and and also
>> when you say corridors like like
>> Yeah. You have a corridor and you have
walls flat walls.
>> Wow.
>> Totally flat.
>> It's like almost
>> and then you have 90° angles like that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, um I don't think I'm not sure.
That's what we try to figure out now.
Can the nature create this? I don't
know. Yeah,
>> but it's so old.
>> Doesn't look like coral or any sort of
rock that you would see on the sequel.
And you must be familiar as somebody who
has probably traversed a lot of the
world and looked at the ocean floor a
lot of your life.
>> Yeah.
>> And I'm sure a lot of the people working
with you at the time as well.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's No, it's uh very
very strange. And um
not only that, it's looks odd and
strange. We have been out there a couple
of times and every time we have been out
there, we have problems with our
equipment.
>> What What just happened to the boat?
>> He lost it.
>> GPS.
>> You were close to
>> to the object.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh my god.
>> Like what happened? the radar uh showing
things that should not are not there.
Mhm.
>> So one time we are there and the radar
is working properly but then something
popping up on the radar
>> and and uh I remember Peter said to
[music] me that Dennis I look at the
screen and I look what okay and I go out
and we are alone here but should be
something 150 m from us nothing there
and then another position position
another position.
>> How big are the objects showing up on
the radar? No, you cannot see how big it
is on the radar, but you you see
something [clears throat] object. Yeah.
>> And then when we have used the AOV, uh
the the ROV start stops working.
>> Really?
>> Yep. And when we have dive on it, the
camera stops working, the light stops
working.
>> So there must be some sort of
electromagnetic
>> probably. And the GPS function is not
working properly either
>> really. So there's maybe magnetic
anomalies as well where
>> Yeah, that's what I think. Every time we
are there, even now in June when we were
out, we have the same problem.
>> Equipment malfunction every time.
>> Yes. And
>> you got to go down in a fair day cage or
something.
>> Yeah. So that was um very strange also
that we have these problems. And uh we
were out again now this um and um with
another ship, Stockholm University's own
ship
>> with their own equipment, not mine
equipment.
>> Yeah,
>> that's perfect. And it's uh much better
equipment I that I have.
>> Sure.
>> That's old things.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But uh so we were out and I remember I
talked to the crew and also Tumas the
captain on board and manager for him all
the experience we have out there with
all the
the equipment stopped working and all
the stuff you know GPS and so on. And
then we're quite close. And Thomas said
to me, "Okay, let's start." Then we we
begin with a multi-beam. So we get the
3D image of the object.
>> Yeah.
>> Perfect weather, good conditions for
everything.
>> And then we go over the object and
Thomas said to me, "Dennis, we have
problems with the GPS function." And I
look at him, "Are you joking with me?"
"No, Dennis, we have problems with it
>> with the GPS. Yes. [clears throat]
>> Do you used to have problems with Nope.
>> What happened with the GPS?
>> It's not working. Lost connection.
Totally.
>> Really?
>> Yep.
>> And then we go over it and do go back
and um the same thing again.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> So interferes with radio signals. Yeah.
>> Changes compasses.
>> Yep.
>> Messes with the subc drone and rover. So
there's there's some sort of
electromagnetic thing going on down
there. And you said you know what the
color is now. What's the color?
>> Now Stefan was one of the divers down
there uh 2012
uh and he brush off the sediment of it
and it's dark black.
>> Okay.
>> Dark gray almost black.
>> Interesting. So he touched it.
>> Yeah, of course.
>> And when he touched it
>> and he tried to take samples also did
not manage that either.
>> Why?
>> Too hard.
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting. And when he touched it, did
he feel anything or notice anything?
>> That I don't know. No, he did not
mention anything about that. But he he
said it's very odd.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And he have never seen anything like
that before. And then one for thing I
remember when he's coming up, he said to
me that the temperature usually at that
depth is uh around 4 to 5° C.
>> Yeah.
>> Now it's most almost zero. M
>> that you know is not possible.
>> Interesting.
>> Uh so almost zero degrees
>> almost freezing.
>> So it's alarming is in his equipment.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he must have been
very cold.
like uh 20 cm in diameter
and when you're down there you have the
sediment and you get like milky the
waters get milky as you understand.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dusty.
>> Yeah. Dusty. And then you see like it's
from this hole. This milk is going in.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And out and in and out.
>> Like it was
>> something is moving. Yes. Breathing.
>> Breathing.
>> Yeah.
>> Almost like a biological organism or
something.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> But it was hard.
Yeah.
>> Too hard to get a sample from.
>> You cannot.
>> Perhaps if you drill a core drilling or
something.
>> But there's there's a hole where where
sand is coming in and out.
>> Yeah.
>> That's so fascinating if all these
anomalies that you've experienced.
>> Yeah.
>> Do they increase when you get closer to
the object? So, I guess the way you
would instantiate that it would be like
if you had the ROV or if you had maybe a
compass and you were getting closer,
does it get more intense the closer you
get? The anomalies get more intense the
closer
>> that Yeah, we have problems with
equipment the closer we get.
>> And it's and it's a clear rate of uh
acceleration or increase of the
>> Wow.
>> So, it really feels like it's a source
of
>> I forgot something. It's important. 2019
we were out and um
I I know we were out in Finland. I did a
diving work there and uh we had some
friends there that we have done
expedition expeditions with before uh
and uh I remember their laugh you know
Finnish guys you know Dennis you're
yuking and you know you don't believe in
that and it's a stone you have found.
They said to me, "Yeah, of course, preps
is a stone, but still it's unique. You
have not seen anything like No, no,
that's right, Dennis." So, next next
time we're going out, can you come along
then with your equipment?
>> Okay. Okay. He said,
>> and uh then after a couple of months, I
I said to them that we're going to go
out now on a on a mission. You want to
come along with your equipment, your AOV
and everything? So they come to Sweden
and go out with the ship and um Peter
and I just uh you know checking what
they're doing their equipment and coming
to the spot and they go down with the
AOV and he's sitting there and and the
first thing when he coming down there is
okay this is uh this is uh strange this
must be man-made this is constructed.
man
>> and I just what what did I hear and I
looked at Peter and he said yeah
so
>> so even the skeptics when you bring them
to see it firsthand
>> they understand directly was something
for sure that we have found some that is
odd. And um uh yeah,
>> and you you must be familiar given that
you have an interest in UFOs with the
fact that you have electromagnetic
anomalies occurring in many UFO
sightings and cases. Even Close
Encounters of the Third Kind, you see
the main character with this, you know,
big sort of uh almost like sunburn
because they're basically experienced
this sort of like basically a red shift
of, you know, uh um uh electromagnetic
light. And uh you know, Travis Walton is
another good example where he's in
Arizona with his friends. He gets out of
the truck, he touches the UFO, and he
gets almost kind of zapped because of
the electromagnetic activity. There's
geomagnetic anomalies where a lot of
UFOs show up. So places like Skinwalker
Ranch or Mount Senuni
uh in Japan next to the Fukushima
Prefecture there nuclear civilian grid
you always have these geomagnetic
anomalies hustled in you have you know
magnetic anomalies as well.
>> Um so that that is a common theme in
UFOs. Yeah, I remember what he said also
uh when we he was down with the ARV this
Finnish guy and he said it looks like a
power line. It's something very
something like a power line. We don't
have any power lines there. Nothing at
that
>> looked like a power line. No, but the
you know the the uh with the instrument
they using on the ROV
>> m
>> uh was uh something that is putting out
energy of some kind. Wow.
>> It is it looks very strange. It might it
might be a cloud of methane that it's a
me methane seep from the bottom.
I don't know how
close we can go, but we have seen this
growing now for a while.
It's lots of things and and even um
weather phenomen
thunder and and lots of things just on
the spot.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> That's fascinating. I forgot lots of
things when I'm talking to you, but lots
of things have happened out there.
>> Thunder on the spot.
>> Yeah.
>> And like nowhere else.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> And it like the the the does the
lightning hit the water?
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> So it's like a conductor or something.
>> It's true. It's true.
>> Oh my god.
>> We have filmed that also.
>> You filmed that? Oh, this is amazing.
>> This is the most exciting thing ever. So
now all the all the things together that
you know you cannot let it go
>> you must
>> that's why I have fight for this for so
long time
>> I mean if you just list the anomalies
you have biological material in a dead
sea
>> you have right you know right angle
corners
>> you have an object that's 180 m so it's
very big you have it's hard you see
that's detached from the seafloor you
have electromagnetic anomalies that it's
causing then you have thunder condu
ducting hitting it.
>> I think that's extremely And then you
have a team of people who have been
diving for each for decades,
>> all having tons of data points and
they've never seen anything like it.
>> So I think that's very worthy of
investigation.
>> Yeah.
>> And so some people might be wondering
because it's you described it as a round
object,
>> but it also had right angles, you know,
and right angle corners and stuff. How
does that work exactly?
It's not a flat, you know, disc as many
perhaps thinks. It's a quite rough
surface around it.
>> Okay.
>> And then you have this corridors and
angles.
>> So, and and it's uh not round in the
corners. It's rough. It's perhaps it's
broken.
>> Okay.
>> Have been there for a while.
>> So, the circumference is 180 m. But if
you look at from upside, it's round, but
still it's
>> there's some jagged right angles and
stuff and right angles in a way where
it's not just
>> a little sliver or whatever. It's like
longer right angles that imply
artificial construction.
>> Yes.
>> Fascinating, man.
>> Yeah, it is for sure.
[music]
Have you seen all the remote viewers
have done a all the things about Baltic
Sea? Remote view.
>> Oh, have they?
>> Yeah.
>> When we were in Sweden, I called Joseph
McMagle
>> and Angela Ford and they helped us with
this. So, we should do we I don't have
reception, right? Or do I?
>> No, no, we don't have any connection.
>> I was going to say I could I could
easily call them. But what did they say?
What did the remote viewers say? Oh,
that is constructive and it's u some
have said it made of gold.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. It's a some kind of energy source.
>> Yeah.
>> For energy source or what?
>> I don't know.
>> So, which remote viewers say this?
>> There are lots of it. I have I can send
you the link.
>> Oh, yeah. But
>> I'm going to write it. But but the cool
thing is also when the Finnish guy or
colleague from Finland was here, he
mentioned, okay, this is manmade. This
must be constructed.
>> Mhm.
>> And I and it looks like it's a high
voltage
thing
and I high voltage.
So that's like a something that put out
high voltage
>> like a power.
>> Who said that?
>> The Finnish guy. Wow.
>> And I have it on tape also.
>> That's amazing.
>> I have it on tape. We have film
everything.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh my god. And um the the meteor that
happened
>> uh the day after we went home.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. That's crazy. Also,
>> what's the story there?
>> Oh, you know, I did not see it, but it
was on the news and that happened on
Earth.
>> Yeah. like one or two times per year.
>> A meteor impacts Earth one or two times
per year. Yeah. And the day after that
size.
>> And so so you went out here. I
>> was here. Exactly. On the way home.
Home. On my way home. The day after.
>> What year were you here?
>> Oh, this in June.
>> Oh, in June. Okay.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> So, uh it was in the news that the big
met over and over here.
>> Wow.
>> Or perhaps they're going down here. And
was it like pretty much in the center of
the Baltic Sea?
>> Whoa.
>> Crazy. Right after you went
>> and there was no sonic boom or there was
a sonic
>> Yeah, it was
>> there was a sonic boom.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Lots of witnesses to that.
>> Crazy.
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> So, some sort of energy, you know,
there's um a guy named Christopher Dunn.
>> Yeah. He thinks that the pyramid is an
energy generator.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, I wonder
>> perhaps it's a connection. I don't know.
>> Yeah.
>> Never know,
>> but we will find out.
>> I can't wait.
And so, how do you get to the bottom of
something like this? Like, what do you
what steps do you even take to figure
out what this is?
>> Yeah. You know I'm a explorer and a
treasure hunter. I'm quite good at that
when it's come to to find things and
when it's come to this with find out
what this is is some you know that's why
I have this you log and uh people from
the university that helps me
>> and they have open the doors for me and
and I have one person that I must you
know she's wonderful and that's
Beatatric
>> Varel
>> that the person that opened the doors
for me
>> before that I mean for 15 years I have
tried to get attention. People get
interesting in this.
>> Yeah.
>> And I have been at places and I talked
about that and they say, "Oh, Dennis,
it's very interesting. It's very
interesting, but you know, I don't want
to get involved in this, you know, the
stamp on, you know, UFO and things like
that. My company, but it's interesting.
I follow you. I follow you."
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> But uh nothing else. And then I met
Beatrice uh two years ago, I think. And
um because I have always been since 96
and of course when we found the Baltic
Sea interesting UAP UAPs
uh and um and then I've
you know met Beatatric for the first
time and and we find each other there
and we have the same interest in find
out what's going on around us because
I'm already convinced 100% convinced.
So, uh, and I'm a, you know, I'm a doer.
>> I do it. I'm working for it and I don't
give up.
>> And it's the same thing with Beatatrice.
We, uh, we're working together now. She
opened the doors. She had the keys. So,
the scientists we are working with now
are very excited and and have been out
there now with us. So, we're going to go
out again because it's unique. They have
never seen anything like that either.
So,
>> Wow.
>> That's great. And these are guys with
experience of underwater objects and
ocean objects and that sort of thing.
They all say they've never seen anything
like this.
>> Correct.
>> And you made a video recently that went
kind of viral on Twitter where you say,
you know, I've seen some really amazing
things with the Baltic Sea anomaly. You
know, we're going to talk about this
soon. Is there anything you can speak to
about about that? Like what you found in
this last trip? Because you just went
out there, right? Like not too out
there. It's uh so interesting that we
must go out again with the scientist
because I
>> I I I I trust them.
>> I trust them because I have no
experience when it come to that. So if
they saying Dennis this is this is
interesting. We have not seen anything
like that. We must go out again and take
more measurements and and you test that
and that and that with different type of
instruments and so on. When they are
saying that, I get woo.
>> As you know, I'm always on the hunt for
things that help me stay sharp, focused,
and full of energy while I'm diving into
life's mysteries and making this show
happen. And I've got to say, Mudwater
has completely transformed my mornings.
Back in the day, I used to struggle with
that post coffee crash. And let's not
even get into the caffeine jitters.
Mudwater gave me the smooth, steady
energy I was missing. It's packed with
functional mushrooms like lion's mane,
chaga, and rayi, plus turmeric and
cacao, all working together to keep me
focused, calm, and grounded. Honestly,
it's like coffee went on a yoga retreat
and came back zen. What I love most is
that it's not just about replacing
coffee. It's a whole new ritual. It's a
simple, nourishing way to start the day.
And I actually look forward to it every
morning. Every ingredient is USDA
certified organic, vegan, non-GMO, and
there's zero sugar. It's energy that
doesn't mess with your sleep or make you
question your life choices at 3:00 a.m.
Ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy? Head to mudwater.com,
that's mudwt.com,
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code Jesse at
mud wtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. Keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy. Did you pick up
anything in this last trip or detect
anything new that was exciting?
>> Not pick up anything. We have new data.
>> Okay,
>> that's what I can say.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh anything about the new data or
it's
>> I I'm a little careful to to go out with
the new data now. Uh it looks like it's
separated from the bottom. That's what I
can say.
>> Separated from the bottom of the That's
amazing. It's not a geological
formation.
>> We we I don't know.
>> It looks sounds like it's not.
>> I must be a little careful though.
>> So, but uh yeah, it's u
>> I don't know.
>> So fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> And so what do you what's the next step
after this? It's more testing or
>> Yeah, of course. It's lots of things we
must do. It's uh of course to go out
again and take core samples not from the
object as I understand it because that's
quite difficult. So but if we succeed
this time to get more data that are very
interesting of course we must go out
again uh and take core samples but that
that equipment is quite expensive.
>> So core sample
>> take from the object
>> from the object. So this would be like
drilling into it almost
>> and that that's not easy.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah. and it cost lots of money. So, um
but I hope it's so interesting that we
do a core drilling.
>> Yeah. Did has anybody thought to stick
their hand in the hole that's breathing
in the limit? Yeah. Many and even I uh
>> but you haven't done it.
>> No, no, no. We have not done it. I mean,
it's a risk. We don't know.
>> It's a risk for sure. But uh as uh
Beatatric and I have talked, we have
talked about that perhaps we're gonna
use the ROV,
>> the smaller ROV to go in. Yeah, we have
this big hole.
>> Yeah,
>> like 2 m in the meter.
>> I mean the ROVs cost lots of money, but
perhaps it's worth
>> Does the ROV have like night vision? Can
it correct for It's must be dark down
there.
>> No, you don't see anything really even
if you have the the you must have a
sonar on it. Okay. So, you put the sonar
on the RV.
>> Yeah, I have a sonar on the ROV. So, I
see everything around it. Yeah.
>> And it's an S sidecan sonar. So, you end
up with a 2D.
>> No, no, it's not a size scan sonar.
Sidescan sonar is something you have
between be behind your boat or ship.
Okay.
>> When you try to find anything, then you
have a blue sonar on the ROV.
>> Okay.
>> Uh there you can see a front like a
picture in the front in front of you.
>> Okay.
>> There you have no visibility. There you
can see anyway. Okay. It's like a radar.
>> Okay. It's like radar. Interesting. So
you bas basically get the structural
formation.
>> Yeah. Of course you can see small
details also.
>> But you can't see optical, right? You
don't see an image.
>> No, the there depends. If you're lucky,
you can see perhaps 30 or 50 cm in front
of you.
>> Okay.
>> But then you have Yeah, it's it's
difficult. It is. Yeah.
>> That is fascinating.
>> Yeah, it is.
>> So interesting.
when you started to talk to the press
about this even back, you know, years
ago.
>> Yeah.
>> Why do you think like military or
aerospace or I don't know, anybody
didn't want to check it out themselves?
Like authorities, they did. How do you
know they
>> they were lurking around in the waters
when we were there?
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> How do you know?
>> I filmed it.
>> How do you know they were authorities?
Were they Swedish authorities?
>> No, NATO. It's NATO. were French and
Germany, American, British ships around
us.
>> Really?
>> Yep. And then also a Swedish um coast
corvette uh go quite close to us.
>> Suddenly we saw in the distance that
this must be [music] some kind of Navy
ship heading directly on us. 859 all big
>> turned out to be a Navy ship and
actually a Swedish one and it shouldn't
be uh lurking around in in in those
waters.
They just stopped and were laying there
and we were going in a search pattern
and they were uh in our way
>> and we called up on the radio and said,
"We have divers in the water. Please
move." And they did, but still they were
there.
>> It's crazy.
>> Yeah. And then we have airplanes. So
almost
>> How many How many did you film?
>> Six, seven ships.
>> Wow. Big ships.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> So, you think they were there for you?
It was not It's not normal to see them
all.
>> No, no, no, no. It's not normal. I don't
know. I mean,
>> but how many how many other dives have
you done where you're looking for cognac
and wine where you've seen six or seven
ships from various different NATO
countries?
>> Not many, I must say. But when we have
dive on the submarine, we found 2015. Of
course we have the the navy and the
coast guard was there and boarding us
and you know want to investigate what we
are doing and so on and was a
>> so that sounds like a similar thing
because it's a n it's a government it's
it's of interest to the government in
this case the Russian government
>> and in this case it's interest of
interest to NATO and many governments
probably
>> yeah yeah of course and then when we
were home there I got the call from uh
the Swedish let's say it's like FBI Hi
>> in Sweden and they want me there
directly. Come over here we want to talk
to you. So I did and uh it was about the
submarine we have found and what people
talking to and they want to know every
detail everything about it the Russian
people I'm talking about I talk with and
so on. So it's um yeah but every time we
were have been out in the Baltic Sea
except now.
>> Yeah.
>> Except now this time nobody.
>> Interesting. Yeah.
>> Why do you think that is?
>> The ship we're using owned by the
government, the Swedish government.
>> Ah, so they get the data no matter what.
>> I don't know. Probably.
>> Interesting. May maybe somebody on board
is working on their behalf. [laughter]
>> I hope not.
>> Yeah. Uh the the the Swedish FBI uh did
they contact you about the Baltic Sea
anomaly too?
>> No. No. uh when it's come to the Baltics
normally we had a meeting at the
headquarter military headquarter in
Stockholm and um I remember
I said to one of the people there in
this group
uh I said you should know I mean you
have been out there and uh lurking
around and laying there and watching us
so uh uh what do you know about the
whole have you been there have you dive
on it uh And he just look at me. No, no,
no, no. We have not been there. But you
I'm filming you. I have filmed you. So I
know you have been there. Nothing. He
don't say anything.
>> Whoa.
>> So they have been there and probably
will dive there also.
>> They probably dive down there.
>> Of course.
>> But they might also not know what's down
there. They might know.
>> No, no, no. They of course they have
dived there.
>> But do you think they know what what it
is? Do you think they've classified the
object or classified it in terms of they
know what they're looking at or
>> I mean
that's crazy if they have not done that.
I mean but but still you know the the
the crazy thing is also it's not on
international it's on international
water but it's also on Finnish intern
economic zone.
>> It's not on Swedish water Finnish
economic zone. So this little strange
that the Swedish uh military ship are
there and also other ships but you know
it's
I don't know but they have been there
and probably dive on it or use AOV and
investigate it themselves
>> but uh when we were were at the
headquarter and talked to them they said
that uh we know nothing about it. We
have had no ships there and
>> did you but
>> I filmed it.
>> You filmed it.
When you went to the military
headquarters, was it explicitly a
meeting around the Baltic Sea anomaly?
>> Exactly.
>> And they called you in.
>> Yeah.
>> So, okay. They definitely had an
interest at least.
>> Of course, they were interested.
>> Yeah.
>> But then they acted like they knew
nothing. They had never gone out there.
>> And we show all the data, all the
information from from them and for for
them and and uh Yeah.
Is it just Yeah. Is it Is it a Russian
Is it a Russian drone?
>> I see a chip on it.
>> Yeah.
>> You see a chip? [laughter]
>> Well, you're a long way from home, my
friend.
What's the greatest onlogical shock that
you've experienced [music]
around the Baltic Sea anomaly?
>> Oh there's so many. But the the
I mean the first time we saw it
the first time we saw it.
>> Yeah.
>> That was experience because we have
never seen anything like that before.
>> Yeah.
So we were very confused and of course
I mean uh curious of what what it can
be.
And then after that we have done our
things down there and um Pan have been
down there as a diver and explained for
me what happened down there and what he
had experienced with the temperature and
all the angles and walls and uh holes
and things like that. So when you see it
yourself on photos or film
then you begin to understand this must
be in some way constructed.
>> Have any skeptics come to you and said I
think it's a rock. Have any
>> of course
>> all of that. And what do you say to
them?
>> Perhaps you're right. I I'm not sure.
>> The only thing I can say I have no
experience when it's come to that. Uh I
have never seen anything like that
before. and not have my colleagues
either. So nobody have seen thing like
60 m in diameter.
>> So that was the first thing we did. We
send it over to friends and people that
we know are working with the same things
as we do. Uh and when they saw the
pictures they of course they were
curious and wonder why where have we
find this found this
>> as I mentioned but the the Baltic Sea
>> do you have a top theory [music] as to
what it is
>> it can be something that is constructed
on the spot can be
>> long time ago perhaps before the ice age
I don't know
>> and that's why I have never give up when
it's come to this Of course, I want to
know.
>> M
>> even if it's a rock.
>> but very strange rock.
>> Yeah,
>> I must say with all the angles and holes
and and it's a round object. It's also
separated from the bottom.
>> M it's separated. How do you know that
it's separated?
>> Uh subbottom profiling have you done?
>> Yeah. So we can see the layers.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Amazing. That's really incredible that
it's definitely separated from the So,
it is an OB. It's not a geological
formation.
>> It looks the data say that.
>> That's amazing. What's it called? Sub
sub
>> subbottom profiling.
>> Sub bottom profiling. And what do you
know how that tech works? [music]
>> Yeah, it's like a radar. You go down to
the ground and you see all the layers in
the sediment.
>> So, we know it's attached to the seabed,
but it's not it's not
>> it's not a part of a mountain or
something.
>> It's not a geological formation. not
part of the
>> the data set.
>> That's pretty amazing. So, it's an
object.
>> That's why it's important so important
that we doing this investigation
continue with it.
>> Yes.
>> With uh different methods because it's
um it's of course interesting.
>> That's how it at least that's how it
felt for me. I was uh having a hard time
melting it. I had a hard time melting
it. I was talking to my friend Denise.
>> I was sitting there. [laughter]
>> I just spoke to your colleague that you
mentioned, Beatatrice Voriel, who is
amazing and discovered all sorts of very
cool things in her own right. She talked
about the importance of having a
hypothesis and having an idea of what
you might be looking at so you can test
against that hypothesis. Yeah,
>> I mean I've seen some astronomers
suggesting that you should u just look
without any hypothesis and do like
classify things like you're classifying
butterflies. I think you're not going to
find anything.
>> Well, obviously
>> because because you have no hypothesis,
you don't target your experiment.
>> Yes.
>> And you are going to invest years into
that and you might have a great
classific like great catalog of things.
But I'm not interested in the catalog.
>> I don't know really what to think about
that. uh it's something for sure and and
if it is a
UAP or a crashed UFO should be cool if
you have found that of course but at the
same time with all the data we have now
it cannot be volcano even if it's can be
volcano but when I talk to scientists
and I look at it now it's not a volcano
no it should not be like that then is it
met astrid or matri something no it
should not be that. Then you have this
and this and this. Okay. Okay.
>> Yeah. Why Why can't it be an asteroid or
something?
>> Then you have a crater,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> And no crater here.
>> Oh, no. It's standing up.
>> It's standing up as if it's an
artificial structure on
>> laying on the bottom.
>> And how big is it again?
>> 60 m in diameter. 60 m.
>> 60 m.
>> Yes, that's big.
>> It's very big.
>> Yeah.
>> That's so interesting.
>> So,
let's find out. So, your two top
hypotheses are that it's either a UFO,
>> maybe something we're not alone, maybe
something from space. Yeah. Or you think
maybe it's an artificial structure that
was built before the younger dest
period.
>> Maybe when you know there was probably
flooding, there was flooding. We know
meltwater pulse 1b in 9600 BC.
>> Yeah.
>> Before that, you know, you had water
levels were different and maybe this was
on land and it was built at that time.
>> Can be like that. Yeah. So
>> something is built there.
>> Either one is very interesting. It's
fascinating.
>> Yeah. Yes.
>> And you're reasonably confident that
they're
>> it's detached. The the object is not
part of
>> a big or something. Yeah. Now, as we can
see it now, the data we have from the
last mission or where we're out, uh, it
looks like it's separated from the
bottom on the data, but you know, we're
going to go out again and do it one more
time. That's how we must do it.
>> Did the diver that you mentioned before,
who I think it was
>> Stefan Hogborn. Yeah.
>> He touched it. Yeah.
>> Did he say it felt like anything?
>> No, not really. He he was surprised it
was dark under it.
>> Ah,
>> it was gray like um um gray when he the
the sand um and then it take that away
and it was dark almost black gray black.
>> Did he say it looks natural or
artificial?
>> No, nothing about that. Didn't mention
anything about that.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Did he mention feeling anything being
around it like oh my god this is
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He have um he
have never ever and this is he have been
diving for a long long time. He is well
known in Sweden when it come to diving.
>> How many years has he been diving?
>> Since he was a young guy.
>> Okay.
>> But anyway he's uh
>> how old is he now?
>> Same age. 60.
>> Okay.
>> Since me.
>> So um and then um
>> so 40 years probably of
>> probably more but
>> more. still, you know, he he uh he said
to me that um when he was up
>> because he was um I saw in his in his
face, he was very
uh confused or you know see it in his
face and and I was of course curious.
What have you seen? Mhm. And Oh, and he
said to me, "Dennis, I I you know, I
have dived a lot and and I have never
ever seen anything like this."
>> Wow.
>> That was probably the most important
dive I've ever done in my life. And I've
done maybe 6,000 dives in in my life.
>> I would dive for an expert to tell me
what I've seen.
>> Wow. Yeah. And then he explained for me
about the hole. explained about the
temperature and he was brushing off the
sand, the sediment. It was dark under it
and uh he tried to take samples from it
was too hard. So he take samples that
loose samples on it instead like loose
stones.
>> Uhhuh. And where did those stones have
you tested those?
>> Yeah, we tested in Israel. And are those
stones did they come back normal or
>> uh
uh they found uh minerals of course and
not nothing that really sticks out and
bas basalt uh volcanic stones they found
but at the same time when I've talked to
the the people the scientists they say
you will never find any any basalt in
the Baltic Sea because you don't have
any volcano
>> but Then they said that probably if you
have found it, it's coming at the ice,
you know, the end of the ice age.
>> Ah,
>> it's melting period.
>> It's coming from the Atlant
uh and be in the Baltic. But I I I don't
know. I don't know.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. So, it's almost like a when you
look at an ice core sample
>> and you can kind of uh see what carbon
levels were in the sediment layer of the
ice or something. This might be a record
that it was an ancient structure that
was built from a long time ago. The fact
that there's even basalt there. Yeah.
>> Is that kind of what you're
>> That's a very interesting test we're
going to do. We're going to do a core
drilling not at the object but around
object now and even it's this track and
see if we see any layers.
>> Ah, smart. So that's important to see
how I mean how long has been there.
>> Have you brought a geer counter down or
measured radioactive
>> activ?
Yeah.
>> It's amazing.
>> Yeah.
>> This is so fascinating. What do you do
you want this to be a contribution to
humanity or what what do you want for
for this?
>> Um the truth.
>> The truth. Yeah.
>> That's the only thing. And even if it's
a rock or big rock, I I want it to come
out because I want to do like sheck I
have done this now I'm can go further
with my other projects.
>> Are there any other rocks with corridors
and right angle?
>> Not only that as I mentioned with
corridors and holes and things the I
forgot one thing very important. I have
a like a triangle
like this
>> with a hole in it. A triangle with a
hole in it
>> with a hole. How big is a triangle?
>> Like uh 15 cm, 20 cm like that.
>> Whoa.
>> Yep.
>> With a hole in it.
>> Yeah, the hole.
>> Like a perfect round circle. Yeah.
>> Almost as if it was like laser cut or
something.
>> Perfect on the object.
>> Any writing? I assume not. No
inscription,
>> you know. It's as I mentioned, we have
we were lucky when we found this on a on
a film. Um but you know it's a big
object and visibility down there as I
said is very you know it's pitch black
>> and uh it's difficult to see things.
>> Wow.
>> Uh but uh we saw that and probably we
will find more next time we're coming
out.
>> That's so fascinating. Before the Baltic
Sea anomaly, were you interested in UFOs
at all? Did you have any interest in
unidentified flying objects, space,
aliens, anything like that? Okay, let's
go back in time then. Um, I have talked
about this before
and I can do it again because that was
that was something that changed my life
totally. Uh, back in 1996 I live outside
of Stockholm not far from here um very
close to a military installation and I
was an entrepreneur explorer
entrepreneur. I had my businesses and
and doing lots of things. I was a uh a
daddy to two boys
>> uh and um I have a wife and and uh a
good life, perfect life.
>> And the only thing when it's come to
UAPs and UFO that I saw Star Wars, ETSs
and um aliens
>> that was the only thing I no no interest
in when it come to I did not think about
it, you know.
>> I was busy in my world. Uh-huh. So
anyway, that thing that changed my mind
totally was 96
uh in the summer in the early summer. Uh
I laying in my bed in the apartment uh
not far far from this military
installation. I have a big window in
front of me.
I wake up um 3:30 something in the
morning. Usually I sleep a long time.
you know the I used the time for
sleeping at that time because I'm
working a lot
>> but this morning I wake up of some
reason
>> I still today don't understand really I
have thought about it of course but uh
>> I wake up uh lay in my bed for 10
minutes and I decided to go up and drink
water in the kitchen.
So I sitting in the bed I have a big
window in front of me and outside the
window I have this military installation
fua it's called
uh in Swedish d them. So I'm sitting
there in my bed and and look out at the
window and um see something that
should not be there and it's take me a
couple of seconds to really understand
that I have something in front of me
that should not be there. Should not be
there. What is it?
>> Yeah, good question. And and then I'm
getting frustrated. You know, when you
see something that not fit, you know,
it's not should not be there that
>> um
>> I get to use I begin to use my f-words
and try to get my wife's attention
because she's sleeping behind me. I want
her to see that also because it's
something.
>> So, you're making a little scene
>> and and and then
uh
stand up and turn around and look at her
to what you know and she look at me
scared because I mean that's not Dennis
>> I'm a quite cool guy so
>> and this in the in the early morning so
then I turn around and look again in the
wind out to the window
>> and it's still there it's still there
and then I begin to understand this is
something very very odd and strange I
have in front of me and then the thing
happens that when you see it like this
it looks like a hot dog
>> and it's brown it's yellow and the
sunlight is um it's reflecting on it and
then it's going like this
>> and it's dark under it and then I see
it's round
>> before I don't see it round
>> then I see it round
>> and then after one second one and a half
second it's
>> Wow.
>> So what shape is it?
>> It's round. It's round. But if you see
it like this, you don't see it as round.
But when it do like this, it's round.
>> Interesting. Yeah.
>> So, you just saw it uh it looked like a
flat plane because you were looking at
it from the side
>> like a hot dog or a cigar or something.
>> Some sort of long line. Yeah. Which is a
common people's tic tac cigars.
>> And then it turned and you saw that it
was round.
>> Yeah.
>> And then it popped off. And how long did
you see it for?
>> 14 15 seconds. How far away from you
standing in front of the window?
>> One and a half kilometers. One to one
and a half kilometers.
>> Wow. So, it must have been a pretty big
object.
>> It was a big It was not, as I mentioned
to many people, it's not what it was not
the bird on the window.
>> Yeah.
>> And not the bird or
it was something very very strange.
>> It's amazing that you woke up at that
time.
>> Yeah.
>> Was it around the military installation?
>> Was uh under over the military
installation. Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> And does the military installation house
any sort of nuclear stuff? I guess
there's no nuclear in Sweden or there
there's
>> there's nuclear energy pluncraft and
stuff.
>> No, no, no. Plutonium and lots of other
things. The nuclear things they work
with there because I did I did my
investigation because I was, you know,
>> wow, I have seen something now. I must
figure out what it is. I tried must try
to find out if I can find any
information regarding this what I have
seen if anybody else have seen it. So
local papers at that time 96 we had Alta
Vista
>> you know and modam you put your phone in
>> and then you call no broadband at
>> internet service provider mode. Yeah. So
was um uh local paper military sites and
also my friend in the military I talked
to nobody nobody have seen it or heard
anything about it.
>> So uh then
uh I contacted uh
UFO Sweden.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Uh you have talked to one of those thing
guys I think. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So this is like the official
investig civilian investigation UFO.
>> So I I mailed them but I did not get any
receive okay anything back.
>> So that was a shock for me and that was
something that changed my belief totally
>> totally before that nothing at all. So I
remember when I saw this thing I I I
got my I got her attention but she did
not come up and saw it. Anyway, it's
flowing over my uh house and then I run
over the bed over her
>> to come to the other side and I standing
there like what where is it? Where is
it? And I see don't see anything. And
then she's coming and then Denn is
what's wrong? What's wrong? I don't
know. I have seen something. And then
after that, my two kids are coming.
Papa, papa, what's wrong? [laughter]
And I'm this morning. We're sitting
eating breakfast. And and I try to in my
best way to explain for them what I have
seen.
And later that day, we go down to this
area. It's a protected area. It's a
military installation. So, we cannot go
in. But anyway, I go there because I I I
have reference. I saw that there was one
part of it and there was how big is it
and then I began to okay must be like 6
700 m in diameter.
>> So talking about the big thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> So um yeah that's what happened to me in
96.
>> That's amazing. And you looked into it
and you realized that the military
installation that site does like
plutonium enrichment.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And that seems to be a huge
pattern as I'm sure you're aware.
>> After a while, I did begin to understand
that the reason perhaps they are there.
>> Yeah. Other plutonium enrichment sites
in the US, Savannah River site, South
Carolina or Hanford, Washington.
>> There are a lot of UFO sightings over
both. In fact, one of the earliest
sightings was over Hanford plutonium
site in 1945. This pilot named Bud Clem.
>> So, it's it's a very common thing.
>> Uh, wow. That's amazing.
>> Yeah, that was something that um begin
I mean that there were there was that
was the time that I begin to think about
okay we are not alone something are
here.
>> So you started to get interested in the
>> Yeah. Yeah. Very interesting.
>> Did you start to read about the topic?
>> Yes. I try to find out if somebody else
have found seen anything like that. I
look at pictures and and um
>> because we did not have YouTube and
things at that time 96
>> but then I saw pictures and no no
nothing like that and nothing like that
and nothing like that. I I uh I really
tried my best to find out if somebody
have take a picture of it or something.
>> Fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> [music]
>> I saw two UFOs in 2020 and then I was
just became obsessed and I had a like a
kind of a prestigious job in finance or
whatever and I was like I all I can
spend time on is this
>> and so I Yeah,
>> that changed your life. Totally.
>> Definitely changed my life.
Yeah. I have experienced as you know I
have experienced and lots of other
people I've talked to
that have experienced they have changed
their life to life totally.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh not only their life only their
family's life because you get you you be
another person.
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> It it opens you up spiritually too. And
I think
>> I think I was nihilistic before and I
didn't believe in higher things you
know.
>> Me too. I was like totally focused on my
you know myself and my family and
>> my career and my business and everything
what I'm doing and then that happened
that
>> really changed me.
>> Yeah, that's beautiful.
>> Yeah. The meaning of life.
>> We need to think about
>> who are we?
>> Who are them?
>> Why are they here?
>> And so on and so on, you know.
>> Mhm.
That's why it's so important for me and
I know for you and lots of other people
too.
>> Yes.
>> You cannot just leave your back or just
walk away from it. You cannot do that
because you have it your whole life in
you.
>> Yes.
Maybe the way the the beings are
speaking to us is through the
discoveries, [music] you know, it's like
their language.
>> Yeah. Perhaps they don't want to just
give it to us. They they want us to find
it.
>> I think that's right. It's every [music]
every story is like that, you know, King
Arthur, you know, any anything. [music]
It's always
you have to search.
What do you say to the people who say,
"Oh, well, Dennis was already interested
in UFOs and you know, he's he's just
biased because he already had this in
his mind when he saw this object."
>> Yeah. As I mentioned 96 that changed my
life and I am explorer. I have been an
explorer since I was a kid. Really? I'm
a curious guy. I'm always been
interested in find things that nobody
else have found and and of course make
money on it so I can pay my bills and
and do new, you know, expeditions and
things like that. So, uh and then we
found this thing and they can believe
what they I mean it's my
it's my u
it's my life. I have always been like
that and and yes sorry if they feel like
that but this is my reality. This is
something I have gone through and I have
found something for sure that is very
interesting and I'm open with it.
Everything I do I'm open with it. It's
the same thing with shipwrecks. I'm
doing that because I know lots of people
as I was and when I was a kid I was
curious. I look at TV and things and
books and and I know lots of people
around the world are very curious about
treasures.
>> You know, I'm a treasure hunter.
>> And uh then I found this thing and the
same thing there. I'm open with it. And
then I have seen something
>> 96 that convinced me.
>> So
I'm open have always been like that.
>> Say you take a core sample, you bring a
geer counter.
>> Yeah. You observe much more the next
time, your next visit, and you actually
get conclusive proof that this is an
anomalous object not from Earth.
>> Yeah.
>> What next?
>> Talk about it. Show the whole world
about the truth about it. That's how I
work.
>> And uh that's how we together be at and
I work. We we want to be open with
everything. We um even if it's a stone
or a comet, whatever it is, I must be
open with it.
>> Are you familiar with the history in
Scandinavia of specifically waterborne
UFOs or UFOs that hit the water,
specifically the ghost rocket anomalies
in the 40s, for example, never landed on
land or crashed on land. They always hit
the water and stuff.
>> Yeah. you know since I was out with the
information 96 then then I found it 2011
but 96 no I was not out with the
information but since 2011 I have
received
>> I mean so much mails
>> from people around the world and even
here in Sweden with they're talking
about they have seen cigars they have
you know crashed in the water in forest
and and things like that and they want
to
uh talk to me and and you know lots of
people have contacted me
>> and I I wish I can clone myself and uh
you know do it's so many people.
>> Yes.
>> So
>> you know who Matthew Brown is?
>> Yeah. So he's this recent whistleblower
uh you know UAP whistleblower recent UFO
whistleblower in the US and he uh
encountered this immaculate
constellation document within the
government and it talks about trans
medium objects UFOs going in and out of
the water. Yeah.
>> But he also he talks about in his
interview with Jeremy Corbell and George
Knapp the idea that some of these UFOs
are made to purpose. So they're built in
order to serve specific functionalities.
>> Sometimes these might be, you know, made
to purpose. Uh so, you know, if they're
only making it for a specific use case
scenario, they'll design it to excel in
that mission.
>> And this is getting into very
speculative territory, but there's a UFO
whistleblower on 4chan, you know, this
one of these kind of dark internet
forums or whatever. and he said he was
sick and you know he didn't have much
time left and it was time for him to
reveal the truth. And he says that uh
basically these these UFOs are built to
spec. They're made for specific purposes
and they're on the ocean floor.
>> And so I wonder if this was an object
with all these, you know, kind of
intricate corridors and holes and 90°
corners
>> that was maybe built to spec for some
specific purpose. and then maybe it
served its purpose and it was disposed
of or you know who knows
>> who knows I I don't know but that will
hopefully we will find out when it's
come to this and and uh since 2011 I
received lots of uh mails and even
letters on paper that u the story about
things that have crashed down to the in
the water
>> and even um
>> uh former officers in the Navy
>> that have contacted me that are very
scared to go out with it but they want
to tell me the story about the have seen
and things like thating in the water.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. There's even um in the US there's
a guy named John Pena Craven. He wrote a
book called The Silent War and they talk
about all sorts of covert operations in
the US of finding things on the seafloor
and uh there are rumors that the the
Glowmore Explorer for Hughes Corporation
was maybe you know subsea
>> to to find sort of objects like this. So
I think there's a long history of crash
retrievals you know in the ocean.
>> Yeah. And uh it's fascinating.
[music]
>> And then I don't know if you wanted to
like touch on the like the bal lake. Do
you know the story of like Soviet divers
going down to like look for something
and they get petra like they meet these
tall tall human maybe it's
>> interesting.
>> When was that?
>> In ' 82
>> 82.
>> Yeah cuz it's a it's a big story in UFO
lore.
>> Okay.
>> Of just like these soldiers like
petrified.
>> Where was that? In the lake or
>> Yeah. Lake Bal Lake.
>> There's also there's another story
similar in Hawaii.
>> Um this guy David Noble White Crow cuz
he's a he's a Indian guy.
>> Yeah. He was a UFO witness, but then he
was stationed somewhere with this guy
who apparently dove on an object in
Hawaii. And the idea was maybe it was
related to the uh uh Starfish Prime test
series. So, the Marshall Islands, you
know, atomic tests or whatever, where
UFO material was supposedly came out of
the sky. You know, I interviewed a guy,
Harold Malmgrren, who basically on his
deathbed said that he held in his hands
UFO material from that came out of the
plume of a blast from Operation Bluegill
Triple Prime and it was given to him by
Jeff Bezos's maternal grandfather,
Lawrence Preston Gis at Sandia National
Labs in Kirtland Air Force Base in uh
New Mexico.
>> Amazing.
>> And so uh anyway, so this guy David
Noble Wright Crow was stationed with
this other guy. He said that he dove
down and saw some sort of object, but
that it was almost um alive and it was
uh I think Dolan might talk about this
as well, Richard Dolan. So the object
itself was like breathing and it was
organic and he didn't know why he was
this kind of
>> you know in intelligence circles often
they say go find a thing you don't know
what you're looking for and so he
apparently looked at the object when he
was down there
>> and it really shocked him. He became it
was onlogically completely shocking. He
was like what am I seeing? And it it was
because it looked organic and it was
like breathing. Mhm.
>> So, and then I think about the hole with
the the sand.
>> Yeah. But you're saying something very
interesting because when we did the
samples there from u uh we take from not
from the object but from that laying on
the object uh it was organic burned
material.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Organic burned.
>> Whoa. So like
>> but you know I'm not the specialist in
that area but it it was it was that
>> so it was like charred like
>> no something have high temperature very
high temperature and it's like basalt as
you know
>> and then when it's um uh cooling down
the layers on it when you scrapping it
or take the test was biologic
>> how' you know
>> the side I mean it was biological
>> yeah they test it
>> did it contain DNA and stuff
>> now that I don't Okay. But it was
>> biological.
>> When you say biological plant or animal
>> can be. I don't know.
>> Some sort of tissue or something.
>> I don't know.
>> It's fascinating.
>> Nothing. It's dead sea.
>> Dead sea. So, no. But this had
biological material.
>> So, normally you would never find
biological material in this area.
>> No. No. No. No. The fishes.
>> That's fascinating.
>> Yeah. Not out there on in the middle of
the Baltic Sea. But nothing we can say
that's more descriptive than biological
material or
>> no
>> not a specific animal or specific Okay.
>> No.
>> Wow.
>> So, but hopefully this time when we go
out, we're going to take more samples.
Core drilling as I mentioned for you,
but we're going to take uh hopefully we
can take something from the the object.
But if not, we take new samples from
different spots around it and even on it
and do our investigation,
you know, look at it.
>> Amazing. Well, Godspeed, man. I'm very
excited to see what you find. I think
it's very cool what you're doing. And uh
do you think I mean do you believe that
you'll succeed in figuring out what this
object is?
>> Yeah. Yeah, you do.
>> 100%.
uh even if it's a stone or um volcano or
whatever it is, we will find out. I
don't give up. We must have answer now
to what it is
>> that but but there have been a tough
time 15 years and gray hairs and uh
struggling with this to convince people
to get into this and now we have the
right people involved in this project
and um I'm so glad for that and uh
>> but it have been a tough time with
threats and people that want to hurt me
or my family and so it's have been tough
also. I'm sorry.
>> In many ways,
>> any any specific threats that you can
talk about?
>> Uh, not really, but you know, you get
males and and like threatening me and my
kids and and uh lots of things like
that.
>> Horrible
>> to uh make me to stop or
Yeah,
>> they literally say stop looking for the
Baltic Sea in
>> No, we know what your kids are. We know
what what kindergarten they are at. Now
we're talking about my youngest kids.
Now they are teenagers and but at that
time they work in the kind were in the
kindergarten and school and and they
said that we know about your son there
and daughter there and that when I was
what the you know
>> Jesus
>> and uh be careful about that blah blah
blah blah. I still have the males left
you know you do.
>> Yeah. And lots of it. And then uh people
that think I'm open the door to hell.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Like you're opening a gateway to hell.
>> Gateway to hell. So I'm the going to
blame me on, you know. So it was tough.
And then to to if you have a wife, you
know, family, and I must be open with
everything. If there's threat threating
me and my family, I must be open with
being public is the best.
>> Yeah. And that was very tough for them
to accept that. and and uh and they did
not really accept it and it was tough
for me. I mean Dennis what have you
done? Don't put this put the us in the
in this situation you know and and
was tough but they they have uh you know
supported me and uh this uh because it's
important they know that's important for
me uh and now we are here uh 2025 and we
are out again and hopefully we have an
answer this year what we have found and
uh but even if it's a stone own or
whatever it is I will continue to work
in in this area to find out are we alone
or and we are not alone but who are they
where they coming from what's the
purpose and so on
>> so that that is something uh very
important for me
>> well I think if the people mailing you
didn't think it was real they wouldn't
be so viferous and aggressive in
everything they're saying it's implying
an insecurity that They actually think
the thing is real. If they think they
thought that you were obsessed with a
volcanic rock for 15 years, they
wouldn't be threatening anything.
>> No, no, no. We all on the the crew,
everybody on on the ship and also as I
mentioned the Finnish guys and and um we
have been out there and it's a reason we
are going out uh many times have been
out there not for a stone. I mean we
have seen something that have um you
know make us
confused.
>> Do you uh plan to document what you find
throughout so that you can I think it's
important maybe for just
>> uh as a defense for yourself to show
>> the process as you're finding things so
nobody can kind of deny that you because
you have you know evidence that you're
doing it as you're doing it.
>> Yeah. We of course we have a plan for
that and and uh we have filmed when we
were out last time we did a little
filming of course we don't have any film
crew with us or any production company
because I have been a little you know
>> we do it oursel now in the beginning uh
but um we have changed our mind a little
now we must be think about perhaps to
connect a team with or get in contact
with a team that can film us uh and
document everything because I think is
lots of things are going to happen uh
when we're out now this time and and
hopefully later. Uh that's what I hope
for and it's good to have on film also.
>> Well, you never know.
>> We're available. Yeah.
You see all
>> you see anything?
>> Uh, not yet. No, I'm with the drone.
>> Yeah,
>> we were flying on the or hovering on the
surface.
>> Yeah,
>> we saw some weird lines going through
it.
>> Some cracks like it
>> and something I would say look like
rust.
brownish color
>> like rust like like like metal.
>> It look
so like it was little bit like old metal
>> but just running theory.
>> Why would
question
Ah,
>> now you see quality of that. Ah,
>> yes.
>> It's like a wall platform.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> That's the the picture you take
>> you took when you dive for the first
time with your ROV.
>> So, this is higher resolution.
>> Yeah. Because the range is smaller. So,
you've got
>> and it shows it's even straighter than
before.
>> Yeah.
How long is that super straight part?
>> I mean, I would say that's it. Must be
at least uh 30 m.
>> 30 m.
>> At least 60 m the whole thing. So,
>> what are what are the chances of that?
That's crazy.
>> Yeah. I don't know.
My dream is that one day we can have one
of these objects in a museum so a kid
can like
>> Exactly.
>> can can look at it and be inspired and
understand the
>> and understand the the potential of
possibility that exists in the universe.
For me that was the pyramid when I was a
kid.
>> Yeah.
>> I grew up half an hour away from it. So
I I know the impact of having seen
something that almost doesn't feel like
it belongs to this reality. And like
ever since I think I said that on camera
during the Grush Yeah.
>> you know the Grush documentary just like
that's why I'm in it for because I I
hope that our work and every interview
that we do can can push people to
>> Yeah.
>> that that's why it's so important for us
in this you know what we are doing it's
to that we work together.
>> Yeah.
>> That we really instead of oh no he's
doing that. You know what I mean? lots
of people in different groups and then
you know I don't want to speak to them.
>> I think the phenomena doesn't open
itself up to you unless you have that
orientation of like loving and humanity
>> well that
>> they reject you. something perhaps I
forgot to mention or uh was about
uh 96 you know go back to 96 I was
parents I had two young guys I was uh
occupied with all my businesses and
exploring and so on
something I thought about later perhaps
a couple of weeks a month after that uh
incident was
a feeling I had
>> a feeling feeling that usually I don't
wake up so early. At that time I was
young daddy you know and blah blah blah
and I used my time to sleep when I were
have the chance to sleep I sleep don't
go up 4:00 3:30 in the night no way I
did not as now I'm an old guy I go up
and pee you know [laughter] that's what
I'm doing not that at that time but I
wake up of some reason of some reason I
don't understand today and perhaps
>> perhaps there was um that feeling I
I had in some way and I begin to for
think about it later after a couple of
weeks that
perhaps it was uh some
plan for me to
>> I think so
>> to wake up and see it because
I had the feeling after it not in the
situation then I was angry and pissed
off because I did not understand what
I'm seeing But after a week or two
weeks, I begin to how come? And I talked
to my wife at that time, you know, how
come and she no Dennis I don't know you
used you used to sleep a long time but
this time I wake up
>> and what's something I cannot put my
finger on it not something.
>> Do you know what a time loop is or a
closed timelike curve in physics?
>> No.
>> It's two connected points in time that
couldn't exist without one another.
they're entangled. And so a classic
story is Carl Youngung, you know, the uh
Swiss psychologist. He was a
contemporary of Freud.
>> He had a patient. And this patient was
very kind of materialist, reductionist,
just believed in the physical world, was
very rational.
>> Yeah.
>> And she had a dream that she was gifted
this golden scarab beetle.
>> And it was this very important thing in
her dream. She comes in, she talks to
Carl Young, who's her her, you know,
psychologist, and she says that, "I
don't know. I was given the scarab
beetle is very strange. I don't know."
>> But she's very skeptical.
>> And as she's telling the story, a scarab
beetle comes down the window sill and
lands right in the office. And so he
ends up giving it to her.
>> And then she gets gets so emotional and
starts crying. And it opens her up to a
realm of all sorts of possibilities as
to how time and space work and that
there's far more beyond, you know, just
our material existence and plane that we
see. But the point is, if she hadn't had
noticed the dream and she wasn't looking
out for the scarab beetle, then the
dream itself wouldn't have been this
self-fulfilling prophecy. Yeah.
>> And he wouldn't have gifted it to her
and the whole thing wouldn't have
happened. And so they're two points
connected in space and time. And so, um,
I think that could be what's happening
with you right now where, and it's a lot
of people, you know, I think the almost
dirty little secret of UFO research is
people always try to say, "Oh, I'm this
very impartial observer and I haven't
been affected by this on a core personal
level."
>> And then you get a little deeper. You
have drinks with the person and they're
like, "Okay, I saw something five years
ago and
>> I know it's real, so now I'm looking for
it." And I have a similar I've seen
stuff and it was right at the start of
doing this show and it really has
impacted my own desire to to to to you
know substantiate what I saw more and so
I I do believe what you just said.
>> Yeah. Well, yeah. To to um yeah, I saw
what I saw and then I decide to be quiet
about it. I I as I mentioned and I I uh
tried to see if I can find any
information in local papers in the
military sites and so on. Uh and I did
not find anything and I to decide to be
totally quiet about it. The only people
that known about it was my family, my
closest friends. Uh but then on uh on a
uh cruising with a ship
>> uh because they were curious about the
Baltic Sea and normally one young guy
coming to me, Dennis, have have you seen
anything? I mean the UFOs and I just
know I should not talk about that and
then okay let's do it.
>> Yeah,
>> I say it. That was the first time I
mentioned it for a public or for a
person.
>> And then who knows if you would have
been as persistent to spend almost 15
years looking for this object if you
hadn't had prior evidence in your own
life that there's something else out
there.
>> Maybe you would have overlooked it.
Maybe you would have said, "Ah, it's
probably a prosaic thing. Why would I
spend so much time on this thing?" So,
>> it's interesting. Even a scientist as
reputable as Gary Nolan at Stanford,
it's similar where like he kind of
started to uncover experiences he had
had in his childhood. Yeah.
>> When he got into the subject
professionally later in life. So
>> I think it's impossible to
>> completely separate the observer and the
observed. And uh I I think it's always
honorable when anybody admits what's
driving them is, you know, often a
personal experience. There's no way to
decouple those two things.
Oh, interesting. Interesting.
>> Very interesting. Yeah. Well, the
journey.
>> Let's find out what it is.
>> Let's do it.
>> Okay. Great.
>> Thank you. Thank you. [clears throat]
>> Yeah, you're a curious guy and that's
good. I'm I'm a curious guy and that's
so important for me to continue.
Still, I'm alive. I'm healthy and I'm
okay. But you never know. Someday you
just get sick and you don't have the
energy to continue. But still, I'm
You're great now, man.
>> I want to do it.
>> Yeah.
>> Continue to find the answer without the
military or the governments.
>> Yes, I agree.
>> Yeah, that's important for me.
>> Yeah. No, for humanity, for the world,
>> for the future, for my kids, grandkids,
and so on. It's
>> Oh, I think you will. I think you uh you
have the right energy towards it. So,
>> I'll do my best.
>> I want to go dive down there.
>> [music]
>> Alchemist. Did you enjoy that? Well,
here's the thing. That episode was just
the tip of the iceberg. If you want the
full picture, head over to the American
Alchemy Magazine. We just launched on
Substack. That's where we deep dive into
all sorts of crazy topics that we don't
have time to fit into every video with
weekly articles exploring all of the
strange, forgotten, and conspiratorial
corners of space, history, and high
weirdness. So, join up today at our free
or paid tiers on Substack. I am
including the full link in the
description of this video.